"Anemone" is a generic system written in PHP which aims to be _really_
extendable in a _really_ simple way. You can use it as normal blog, as
photoblog, as a base system for you website, even as cms you will be
able to use it. You can use the template engines and layout styles you
want once you implemented them, which is very easy and just needs a few
lines of code.

There are thousends of blog systems and kind of that on the web, but I
searched for something like this and I did not find anything. Because of
this I wanted to create something small and simple, but not limited.

To add content you are not forced to use any web based admin frontend.
You can -- if you want and implement it (it is planned to do this). But
if you -- like me -- prefer to write content as plaintext, html, wiki
code or in any template language in a local editor, you can do this.
Then, just upload this file to a specified directory (per ftp, scp,
whatever) and anemone will catch this file and store its contents.

You don't need any database. The information are stored in files
entirely. There are plans to include a sqlite database to allow
searching and finding content more quickly, but even this is no requirement.

And if your site grows and you want to migrate to a system which handles
huge amount of data more efficiently, don't worry. As all information is
stored in plain text files it is very, very easy to write a kind of
script to extract them, store them in the php objects and migrate them
to any other system.

As the main purpose of this project is the flexibility and the
extensibility I want to publish it as soon as possible to receive
extensions, other styles and layouts and so on from other users.
